.TH make-eclipsepkg 1 "May 2017" "" "Eclipse Packer"

.SH NAME
make-eclipsepkg \- Builds Debian package from Eclipse binary distribution

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBmake-eclipsepkg\fP [OPTIONS] [\fIFILE\fR]
.fam T
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmake-eclipsepkg\fP builds a Debian package from the given Eclipse binary distribution FILE.
.br
Download an Eclipse package from \fBhttps://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages\fP and execute \fBmake-eclipsepkg\fP \fIFILE\fR with the downloaded file. The Debian package is built in the current directory.
.br
The program requires about 500 MB free disk space in a temporary directory. The default directory is \fI/tmp\fR but you can change it by setting the environment variable \fITMPDIR\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print version information and exit.

.TP
\fB--help\fR
Display summary of options and exit.

.SH EXAMPLE
After you downloaded Eclipse IDE from the website you need just to invoke make-eclipsepkg to build the Debian package:

    make-eclipsepkg /path/to/directory/eclipse-cpp-neon-linux-x86_64.tar.gz

This generates a Debian package in the current directory. It takes some time! After it has finished the resulting package can be installed with:

    dpkg -i eclipse-cpp_4.4_amd64.deb

When finished the Debian package and the downloaded .tar.gz file can be removed.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.SM TMPDIR
Base directory used for temporary files (default is \fI/tmp\fR).

.TP
.SM DEBFULLNAME
Full name used in the maintainer field of the package.

.TP
.SM DEBEMAIL
E-Mail address used in the maintainer field of the package.

.SH AUTHOR
Philipp Meisberger <team@pm-codeworks.de>

Please send bug reports to this mail address. Visit http://www.pm-codeworks.de for more interesting projects.
